[docs] v1.12 changelog (#6004)
DevExpress/testcafe: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

> ## v1.12.0 (03.03.2021)

Reviewer: > 03.03.2021

Why did we change the date format from ISO `YYYY-MM-DD` to European `DD.MM.YYYY` for two recent releases?

Author: That's a mistake. Thanks for noticing!

### Enhancements

#### :gear: Server-Side Web Assets Caching ([testcafe-hammerhead/#863](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-hammerhead/issues/863))

> TestCafe's reverse-proxy can now cache web assets (like images, scripts and videos). When TestCafe revisits a website, it loads assets from this cache, saving time on repetetive network requests.

Reviewer 2: Let's simplify this:
`TestCafe can now cache...`

Author: This part is important because it tells users that caching is performed server-side (not in the browser). How about this

```suggestion
TestCafe's proxy server can now cache web assets (like images, scripts and videos). When TestCafe revisits a website, it loads assets from this cache, saving time on repetitive network requests.
```

Reviewer 2: Ok

> To enable server-side caching, use any of the following:

Reviewer 2: `use any of the following OPTIONS?`

Author: They are not all options. I couldn't find a common word, so I left it out

Reviewer 2: Ok

* [the `--cache` CLI flag](./docs/articles/documentation/reference/command-line-interface.md#--cache)
* [the `cache` configuration file property](./docs/articles/documentation/reference/configuration-file.md#cache)
* [the `cache` runner option](./docs/articles/documentation/reference/testcafe-api/runner/run.md)

> #### :gear: Asynchronous Predicate Function

Reviewer: It's not clear from the heading what this feature refers to. It should say something like `Initialize Request Hooks with Async Predicates`.

Please pay special attention to headings in changelogs/release notes. If it's vague or unclear, no one will read the description.

> The following TestCafe entities now support **asynchronous** predicate functions:

Reviewer: You usually don't have to use the vague term 'entity' when speaking about code entities. Here, you can call them 'request hooks', can't you?

*The following request hooks now support...*

> * [RequestHook](./docs/articles/documentation/reference/test-api/requesthook/constructor.md#filter-with-a-predicate)

Reviewer: Please link website pages instead of .md documents on GitHub.

* [the `cache` configuration file property](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/configuration-file.html#cache)
* [the `cache` runner option](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/testcafe-api/runner/run.html)

#### Initialize Request Hooks with Async Predicates

The following request hooks now support **asynchronous** predicate functions:

* [RequestHook](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/test-api/requesthook/constructor.html#filter-with-a-predicate)
* [RequestMock.onRequestTo](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/test-api/requestmock/onrequestto.html#filter-with-a-predicate)
* [RequestLogger](https://devexpress.github.io/testcafe/documentation/reference/test-api/requestlogger/constructor.html#filter-with-a-predicate)

**Example**

```js
const logger = RequestLogger(async request => {
    return await myAsyncFunction();
});
```

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed a bug in the multiple windows mode where TestCafe was sometime unable to switch to the main browser window ([#5930](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe/issues/5930))

> * Fixed the `Illegal invocation` error thrown by TestCafe when calling `Storage.prototype` methods on a `StorageWrapper` object ([#2526](https://github.com/DevExpress/testcafe-hammerhead/issues/2526))

Reviewer 3: Can you call a method **on** an object?
